{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red153\green153\blue153;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14300\viewh18880\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs48 \cf0 Safari Scripts Collection
\f0\b0\fs28 \
\
A collection of scripts for Safari Beta II. For more information visit: <www.apple.com/applescript/safari/>\
\
Some scripts require installation of the GUI Scripting beta software: <www.apple.com/applescript/GUI/>\
\
For instructions on installing the scripts in the Script Menu: <www.apple.com/applescript/script_menu/>\
\
Here is a brief description of the scripts:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 1)	Import Image Into iPhoto
\f0\b0  \cf2 \'a5 \cf0 This script will import a JPEG or GIF image which is open in its own Safari window into your iPhoto collection. \
\'ca\
\pard\tx720\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf3 	REQUIRES\cf0 : \cf4 iPhoto 2 \cf0 ,  Mac OS X 10.2.3 and the installation of the \cf4 GUI Scripting beta software \cf0 .\
\pard\tx720\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \'ca\
\pard\tx720\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 2)	Open Linked Images
\f0\b0  \cf2 \'a5 \cf0 This script scans the front browser window for images that link to other JPEG images and then displays the target JPEG images, each in its own window or each in its own tab.                                  \
\'ca\
\pard\tx720\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf3 	REQUIRES\cf0 : Mac OS X 10.2.3 and the installation of the \cf4 GUI Scripting beta software \cf0 .\
\pard\tx720\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \'ca\
\pard\tx720\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 3)	Combine Windows
\f0\b0  \cf2 \'a5 \cf0 This script will combine the open browser windows into a single tabbed window. \
\'ca\
\pard\tx720\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf3 	REQUIRES\cf0 : Mac OS X 10.2.3 and the installation of the \cf4 GUI Scripting beta software \cf0 .\
\pard\tx720\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \'ca\
\pard\tx720\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 4)	Open Reuters News Stories
\f0\b0  \cf2 \'a5\cf0 This script opens the top news stories on the \cf4 Reuters Top News \cf0 website each in its own window or in its own tab. \
\'ca\
\pard\tx720\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf3 	REQUIRES\cf0 : Mac OS X 10.2.3 and the installation  of the \cf4 GUI Scripting beta software \cf0 .\
\pard\tx720\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \'ca\
\pard\tx720\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 6)	eMail the Current URL
\f0\b0  \cf2 \'a5 \cf0 This script will create a new email, in the default mail application, containing the URL of the current browser window. For those using the Mail application in Mac OS X, use the alternate version of this script included with the collection.\
\'ca\

\f1\b 6)	Create Phone List
\f0\b0  \cf2 \'a5 \cf0 This script scans the Address Book application to create an alphabetical list of persons with their phone numbers and displays the result in a new browser window. \
\'ca\

\f1\b 7)	Windows to Full Screen
\f0\b0  \cf2 \'a5 \cf0 This script expands all open browser windows to full screen. \
\'ca\

\f1\b 8)	Side-By-Side
\f0\b0  \cf2 \'a5 \cf0 This script repositions the front two browser windows to be side-by-side. 
\f2 \
}