{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green105\blue188;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs84 \cf0 Selected Artwork to All In Playlist\

\fs36 AppleScript for iTunes 4\

\fs24 \
Find more 
\f1\b free
\f0\b0  AppleScripts\
and info on writing your own\
at Doug's AppleScripts\
\cf2 http://www.malcolmadams.com/itunes/\cf0 \
\

\fs36 This script copies the artwork from the selected track to all the other tracks in the selected playlist.\

\fs24 \
Just import one album cover to a track, select the track in the playlist and run this script. The artwork from the selected track will be added to all the other tracks.\
\

\f1\b To import artwork
\f0\b0 , go to Amazon.com or All Music Guide (or a site of your choice) and locate an album cover's graphic. Then do 1 of 2 things:\
\
1) Do a Get Info on your iTunes Track and go to the Artwork panel. Drag the graphic from your browser to the artwork space...\
\
or\
\
2) Display the selected track's artwork under the Source panel of iTunes (click the right-most button there at the bottom, next to the Repeat button). Make sure it's "Selected Song" and not "Now Playing". If it's empty, it will display "Drag Album Artwork Here". You know what to do!\
\
\
I make no guarantees to this scripts effectiveness on your computer. This script is capable of making minor changes to data. If this makes you aprehensive please use copies of your files.\
\
My name is Doug Adams\
dougadams@mac.com}